right I'd like I'd like to eat seen the
cooking class
fantastic resume and I'd love to taste
your food anything yeah showoff
show me what you're made of just take it
off the menu yeah I don't know what Chef
Ramsay is going to say because Andy's
food is very good and he somehow manages
to stay ahead of the trends all the time
with his menus and his recipes Justin
house we always do we don't have two or
three people cook on the stove it's me
on the stove
listen you're gonna hand me that [ __ ]
out of a fridge but no [ __ ] around if
I say I want it this way I want it that
way because I said I learned it I'm
paying for it okay just a minute for the
lamb and not everything else coming
right up nice to meet you my wife feels
like Gordon
Alex do your job let's go okay
oh here's their yet mmm Bon Appetit
thank you you offed Connie I just
chipped my tooth
do you like duck cartilage Christ chom
the bone as well Jesus just bust my
tooth and then your phone get bones
under the dirt it doesn't go away go
away he doesn't listen to nobody
that's it that's the way he is cannot
change